Welcome and good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I'm going to go over some of the things that the Lord showed us in our last prayer video, and I'll go over some things that are new today that I've gotten over the last 24 hours praying with the Lord.
Holy Spirit, I invite you in this time of prayer.
I thank you, Lord, that it is uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I ask you to pray through me.
Holy Spirit, I ask you to speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of you, in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Holy Spirit, we invite Him and we're so thankful for Him.
I think the last prayer video was probably one of my favorites of the year so far.
I don't know how many people watched that, but it truly blessed me.
Everything the Lord showed me about the revival with John Kilpatrick and the churches around America with Perry Stone—I've just been meditating on it, soaking it in.
We can go from one place to another and just take for granted what God has done through this channel and what He's showing us so gracefully.
Or you can take the moment to pause and just really breathe in that fragrance of who He is and what He's about to do in this earth.
It's amazing.
I don't want to take for granted those times; they're precious to me.
Diana and I have been meditating, running those things through our minds and thinking about what God said about Pastor John Kilpatrick.
I don't even know them or their church, but I've watched some of the online services to catch up with some of the things he's saying.
They're a hungry church.
He had a sermon series in his archives; I listened to two of them and they really blessed me.
I was trying to think of what it was called, but it was phenomenal.
He preaches amazingly.
I encourage you all to listen to it.
We've listened to a bunch of them now because I wanted to know if we're right.
Whenever you're hearing in the spirit and the Lord's showing you things, you don't want to be flaky.
I don't want to be a part of the flakiness; I want to flow with the Holy Spirit.
If it's off, it's off.
I'm not here to make excuses.
If I miss it, I miss it, but I want to be quick to tell you.
The Lord is telling me that He's going to renew his veins and his arteries, renewing his body like the eagles.
The glory of the Lord is coming on John Kilpatrick like Moses.
I saw him sitting in a chair on his platform, and the glory of the Lord was tangible in the atmosphere of the church.
He was like a big papa bear watching over the flock as the shepherd of that church.
The glory of the Lord was tangible.
Do you remember I told you mist would show up in services and, as it dissipates, it would leave gold dust on people's skin?
That's what I saw coming even in his church—a mist of the glory where the residue of the glory of the Lord would leave a type of gold dust.
I know there has been mockery of this, like people trying to fake it, but the Lord said to me, 'Brandon, there's going to be an authentic move of this that won't be mocked, fake, or man-made.
' This is going to be a tangible visitation of the Lord that nobody's going to be able to duplicate other than Jesus.
I saw that at that church and I saw everybody getting healed.
I saw the glory of the Lord.
I know he's probably getting older, but the Lord said, 'I'm about to give him a second wind, a new wind of my glory, a new wind of my presence upon his church.
' What happened at Pensacola and the Brownsville Revival will be times ten.
I thought that was a very interesting number when the Lord said that to me because usually, the Lord deals in double for the trouble or sevenfold or a hundredfold.
He said times ten.
The weightiness of the Brownsville Revival would be times ten in what's about to happen at the Church of His Presence there in Daphne, Alabama.
All glory to Jesus; I'm excited for that congregation.
Then He showed me Perry Stone.
In the vision, the Lord showed me John Kilpatrick by himself, but Perry had someone standing beside him, a younger person helping him.
This would be around the clock, 24 hours a day.
I'm talking about glorious church services that you just don't want to unhook from.
Brother Hagin used to say all the time that sometimes you just have to unhook from a service.
But what I saw coming were services that you just don't unhook from until you feel it lift.
God's about to show up and show off in people's lives.
I saw massive silos again.
When I went to heaven before, the Lord allowed me to see the silos with the body parts—eyes, ears, people that needed creative miracles.
Those silos were full of parts, and the Lord said, 'I'm emptying my silos, Brandon.
There's no need for them up here for what I'm about to do.
' This will be the greatest grace explosion, for it's the goodness of God that brings man to repentance.
Goodness and mercy are about to show up and show off in your life.
I saw waves, and these waves were full of body parts—whatever you needed: kidneys, hearts, lungs, a spleen, a pancreas, or livers.
I don't want to call them body parts.
A body part is not an organ.
I guess a body part is like a finger, or hand, or whatever, but these were organs—like what you need to sustain life, what you have to have.
They were inside of these waves.
And as the wave would crash into the church, into the revival, there was another wave.
You know how sometimes when you see a massive wave on the beach, it takes a little bit of time for the wave to come back?
These waves were right upon each other.
That's why he started saying, 'The glory, the glory, the glory.
' Every time I said 'the glory,' those were waves crashing in and bringing the supply, bringing whatever you needed.
And he said, 'Receive it as a child.
' Remember what he said?
He said, 'It's time for you to receive it as a child.
Don't come as spiritual adults.
Come as little children unto the Father,' because he said that's the kind of faith it takes.
It's like whenever you tell your little child, 'Honey, we're going to go to the store,' they just trust.
They just believe it.
There's no doubt; doubt is taught.
The Lord said it's because of mistrust.
You might disappoint them, and they have a seed of mistrust because of you not fulfilling what you said.
But God is a God that doesn't come up short.
His hand is always full and ready to give unto his children.
The Lord said, 'Come to me as little children.
' I saw the wave of God's glory and I saw great finances.
And he said, 'Do you see that money?
' I said, 'Yeah, I can see it.
' But a lot of times when he's talking, I don't tell everything.
I'm here and I'm seeing—it's all so real.
Everything is what the Lord is showing me.
I saw gold coins.
I saw things that the Lord showed me.
Brandon, this is the outpouring of finances.
As I prayed tonight, we were seeing the glory and the tangible presence of the Lord in these services.
It was for the youth; it was for the people.
He said, 'I told you there has to be a foundation of wealth, a wealth transfer.
' People go, 'I don't like talking about it because I'm going to talk more about the blood of Jesus, I'm going to talk more about the healing power of God.
' But there's a part of it because there's been such a bad taste in a lot of the body of Christ, especially in the charismatic circles, about finances because of things a lot of preachers focused on in the past.
The Lord said, 'Listen, there's a new wave of glory.
There's a new wave of my finances for a remnant of one percent.
' Do you understand?
It won't be everybody because he can't trust everybody with it.
If he can't get it through you, he won't get it to you.
And the Lord said to me, 'I'm going to bless those that will help with this end-time harvest.
There's going to be a great outpouring for the end-time harvest, Brandon.
' And that's what he was talking to me about, because I said, 'Lord, tonight, I'm disappointed inside.
' Not 'boy,' but inside of me, I'm disappointed inside for how I've seen crypto beaten this last week.
And I was like, 'Man, it's kind of a bummer that it's crashed on me.
' He said, 'I told you: great shakeouts and great fake outs, Brandon.
What part did you not understand?
' I said, 'Yeah, you did, Lord.
' This is all just my opinion of what the Lord told me.
That's not financial advice.
I'm not here to give you financial advice on what I feel in my heart or what the Lord is telling me.
You need to hear the Holy Ghost for yourself.
And if the Lord tells you anything, you go with what he tells you.
Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
He's not going to tell every single one of us to do the exact same thing, so I have to make that clear.
I am not advising you financially because, you know what?
I'm just human.
I could be way flat wrong.
So, it's very dangerous talking about it, but I'm telling you what I've been praying about.
You have to be a mature adult and sit and listen.
As I was praying, I've been praying about those four doors.
And everybody knows, if you've been praying with me, it's not the last video, but the Sunday before, whenever the Lord showed me the doors.
I've been praying over them, but every single time he always talks to me about Eric and Don Jr.
'Watch them.
Watch them.
' I said, 'Why?
' Because you'll learn something.
He said, 'You'll learn something, son, from people who have it.
Don't you want to learn from the people who have it?
You don't learn prosperity from poverty; you learn prosperity from prosperity.
It's taught.
' If you've never been around money before and your family's always been dead broke and you go from paycheck to paycheck, you don't ask financial advice from people who barely make it financially.
That's stupid.
You look at people who have billions in the bank and you go, 'How'd they get it?
Is it all legal?
' I don't know; it's not my place to judge.
But I look at it and say, 'When the Lord says pay attention, for I'm going to restore the finances of the Trumps for everything they lost trying to be obedient to what I asked them to do.
' Donald, I'm going to restore back the fountain of wealth to that family.
I'm going to restore what the cankerworm ate over the last four and a half or five years—the persecution that they received in New York and the businesses and the business dealings, the money that they lost.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to restore it back by three, and their wealth will multiply during his term by three, and it may even multiply by more.
' I don't know.
I'm believing God for them.
Why not?
It takes a lot of pressure, and they've been through a lot as a family.
You say, 'Well, boohoo, they're billionaires.
' You know what?
If you lost billions of dollars and you lost it all, I'm not going to go down that road.
So, the Lord said, 'Watch them.
' As I've been watching them, this is what he said today.
Did you see his little tweet, his little post, and all his stuff?
It's all over the news today.
Did anybody see what Eric Trump said today?
I thought this was an interesting recent comment.
Can they see it?
Yeah.
And I thought, 'Well, that's interesting.
It's falling like a rock this week.
' And he said, 'This is the greatest time to buy.
' All his little articles are saying this and that.
And I thought, 'Well, that's interesting.
' That's interesting because the Lord told us even in the last video to watch the Trumps, and I thought that was kind of interesting.
I'm just saying you learn from people who have it.
I wouldn't learn from Nancy for what I've seen about that.
But I just want to give all glory to Jesus.
Isn't he wonderful, y'all?
Because he's trying to prepare us for something.
As I was praying, even when I went to church tonight and we had our prayer group, I sat and listened.
And he said, 'Brandon, you're not believing for big enough.
' I said, 'Lord, I'm believing for millions.
' He said, 'You're not believing big enough.
' I said, 'Lord, really?
I stretched myself.
What do you want me to believe for?
' He said, 'I am believing for what I need for the billion-soul harvest.
You don't have a clue what that means.
A million dollars isn't going to get it.
Two million isn't going to get it, Brandon.
' I said, 'What about ten million?
' He said, "That’s not enough either.
" I said, "$10 million ain’t enough?
" I said, "Lord, $10 million?
That’s a lot of money.
" He said, "No.
" He said, "Brandon, you need to believe for hundreds of millions.
" I said, "Believe for hundreds of millions of dollars.
" I said, "Lord, my capacity—you’ve got to stretch me.
" He said, "Think bigger.
You’ve got to think bigger.
It’s going to take a lot to bring in this harvest: the churches, the finances to bring all this in.
" We get excited when a hundred people get born again—I do.
We have a hundred people get born again and it’s pretty much free.
You know, YouTube—thank God for it.
But the Lord said, "Brandon, there are billions of people dying and going to hell.
Over 170,000 people die every single day, and a great percentage of them do not know me.
But you’re excited about the hundred while 170,000 died today, and a large percentage of them went to hell.
" And the Lord is always stretching me.
He’s always thinking.
He makes me think bigger.
And I go, "Okay.
" In my mind, I go, "Thanks for the hundred, Lord.
Thanks for the hundred souls.
" And we’re excited about them.
But he said, "Enlarge your capacity to believe me for more.
You must believe for the biggest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
You must believe for this.
" So as he says that to me, I stretch because this revival—what’s about to take place—is going to take great finances.
I’m telling you folks, people get all bent up out of shape about things, but I’m trying to tell you where he’s at and what he’s dealing with me about.
Stretch.
Get beyond poverty thinking, son.
Get beyond poverty thinking.
And I say, "Well, Lord, I don’t like the way the whole prosperity gospel and all the stuff was going on about it.
I don’t like all the stuff.
" He said, "Don’t talk against it.
Don’t run them down.
Just know.
Don’t learn from what they did and perfect it.
I’ll do more with you if you just keep your heart right.
Believe me.
" But I said, "Lord, what do you want me to do?
" I’m always asking, "What do you want me to do, Lord?
" But he was talking to me about crypto again.
And he said, "I told you that it would be a new industrial revolution.
A foundation has to be laid.
And there is much foundation that needs to be laid, for it is the wild, wild west.
And it is too volatile.
And I will bring in legislation that will bring a foundation for stability in the markets in the days ahead.
Watch 2026, the first quarter.
Pray over this first quarter for legislation in the Senate to be passed to bring stability and regulations so that it’s not so volatile.
Watch the Trump administration.
" And the Lord said, "Pray for them for what will be a new industrial revolution like it was at the beginning when Benjamin Franklin found electricity.
It will be the Ai, capital A, lowercase i.
" Remember what I said?
He said, "Don’t forget it.
" That’s why I said I camp around these words because you can go from word to word just because it’s prayer time with y’all and not pay attention to what he’s saying because he’s downloading so much to us because we’re out of time.
And so this is going to take time.
This is going to take prayer.
Do you understand what I’m doing?
I said, "Yeah, Lord.
" This is what he said tonight.
And so as I was praying, I saw a pyramid come out and it was on the edge of heaven and lightning and electricity was flowing through it.
Do you know how you touch those things at the science museums and it makes the electricity touch your hand, but it doesn't shock you?
You can move it around on the ball and it does all kinds of stuff.
That’s what I was seeing.
But it was touching heaven and it was touching earth, and I could see earth.
It had its own, and as it was a pyramid going up.
Okay, I have to explain the vision to you because you don’t know, and I have to remember you can’t see what’s inside my head.
So the earth had its own like a cone.
It was a funnel, and the funnel was coming out of heaven and the funnel was coming out to earth, but it was touching in the middle.
It was all electric going up and out of this, and it was touching and moving.
I could see these bolts of lightning.
It was like fire.
It looked like fire lightning—like lightning bolts.
It was like hot blues and all kinds of things.
But it was all like one of those balls that you touch that the electricity is coming out of it.
But I could see the touch, and that was concerning the finances.
I said, "Do you see that?
" I said, "Yes, I do.
I’ll pray over that.
" What do you mean?
"I’ll keep interceding into this.
What is this heaven touching earth, as it is in heaven, touching earth?
" And it was energizing.
"Believe me for bigger.
I want you to stretch your capacity today.
Believe me that your house will be paid off.
Believe me that your car will be paid off.
" That’s what he’s talking about for you today.
That’s what he told me.
He said, "Tell them: believe me for the house to be paid off.
Believe me that you’ll owe no man anything, that all your student loans will be paid off, your credit card debt.
" God said, "Believe him for bigger," and I said, "Okay.
" But as I saw the healings and the finances, it was making the whole man whole.
It all goes around: spirit, soul, and body.
"Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
" And people didn’t like that.
But the Lord said, "It’s not just finances.
It’s being whole in every area of your life.
" Whenever the woman with the issue of blood touched his garment, he said, "Be made whole.
" Everything she lost over that time frame—I believe it was 12 years—she spent all that she had but grew worse.
But he said, "Be made whole.
" It was to restore everything the devil has stolen.
And that’s why he said believe for bigger when it comes to your ancestors' seeds in the ground.
He said, "Brandon, those seeds lie dormant.
Claim them for your grandpa’s grandpa.
They’re all that seed.
" He said, "Seed don't die, Brandon.
It's in the ground.
You just got to claim it.
You got to call it to grow.
Cultivate it.
There are seeds you’re sowing.
" And he said it’ll be a generational wealth, a generational blessing that have been dormant seeds.
And that’s why he even talked about the slaves, the African Americans in America, that your ancestors never got wages and they were slaves.
He said, "Claim those seeds.
Claim that harvest back.
Call that forth.
They were robbed from.
They were stolen from.
They worked for nothing.
" He said, "Call it forth.
Put a demand on that.
It’s generational.
It's your ancestors' seeds.
" I don't want to misquote dates here, but that's what the Lord said.
He said, "Call those seeds forth.
They may have not got a harvest; they may have not got paid, but God said he's going to bring restitution and retribution for those seeds.
" People go, "Whoa, boy.
" No, you need to believe God, and you need to believe God for bigger.
And the same with the American Indians: retribution for the land stolen while going on that Trail of Tears.
I saw the Trail of Tears.
I saw all those things.
And the Lord told me, "I'm bringing back the wealth that was stolen from them, but you've got to have faith to believe for it.
" So, the African Americans, the American Indians—you know, there's all kinds of different people that have been done wrong in society over all time.
Believe God.
The seeds, spiritual seeds that you sowed.
And that's what the Lord said.
Believe God.
Believe me.
Believe me, Brandon.
I'm a God of what seemed to be impossible.
I'll make it possible.
Do you understand?
I will take what the devil did for bad and I'll turn it around for good.
If you believe me for it, I'll restore what the cankerworm ate, son.
I'll restore it.
That's for my little girl.
The devil came to kill, steal, and destroy.
But God said, "I've come that you might have life and life more abundantly.
It's time to believe me for restitution.
" I said, "Sevenfold what you stole, devil!
" He restored the wealth back to Job.
Job didn't curse him, but God did it for Job.
And guess what?
Job didn't have a covenant like we have.
We have a covenant with Jesus's blood.
And as he is, so are we in this world.
And if God would do it for Job, how much more will he do it for you?
How much more to a joint heir with Jesus Christ?
As he is, so are we in this world.
And if he will do it for Job, he will do it for me.
Well, you don't know.
Just because all my family didn't—all that with Job didn't happen with me, thank God.
All glory to God that it hadn't.
But I'm just saying there have been things that the devil has robbed us from, and I'm going after it.
He's not a covenant man.
We are.
This is covenant.
We have a covenant with El Shaddai.
My God will provide.
He is more than enough; he is Jehovah Jireh.
He will provide.
You need to know that God wants to restore back everything the devil stole in your life.
Not just your health, everything.
And that's what he's been talking to me about.
So, I always try to update you and tell you, even if you don't want to hear everything I have to say, I tell you what the Lord's dealing with me about.
And I'm just like, "Okay, God, I'll stretch.
I'll believe for bigger.
Drive around in the nice neighborhoods, drive around in West Palm Beach.
The wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
" And I say, "Lord, I'm not coveting.
If they could have it, how much more could I have?
" That's why I try to look at the nicer stuff and say, "Look, I'm a king's kid.
" She tries to tell me about my weight all the time, exercising, taking care of yourself, maintaining a healthy heart.
That's why I'm drinking my Jamba Juice again tonight.
I got my mango in there tonight.
I wanted to do something different than the greens because I was like, "This is nasty after a week of it.
I got to do something different.
" So, I got some fruit.
I got some mango and some pineapple and stuff with no sugar.
So, people wanted to know what I saw more about Candace.
And I don't want to talk about this for long, but I'll tell you this because of the post I made on X and her statement that she made about France and all the things that she said.
I thought it was kind of interesting that we prayed over her.
But the Lord said to me—can I say all that?
I had to.
What I saw coming was tragic.
How do I say that?
It was because this is so raw.
It's so live.
What I saw coming when I'm praying over this was—remember the rabbit hole.
The rabbit hole was a conspiracy you'll find to not be—it will turn out to be not a conspiracy so much after all.
I've been praying about that because it's so controversial and so many people say, "What does this have to do with...
what are you talking about?
Show me more.
" I know that I see it.
"What is it?
What are you showing me?
" A conspiracy as the rabbit hole is not a rabbit hole.
A rabbit hole will not be a rabbit after all.
A conspiracy will not be so much a conspiracy.
That's what he said.
So what is the conspiracy about?
The Lord said, "I'll just go.
" The Lord said, "You can say this.
" When the Lord said to us, if she keeps going down the rabbit hole, it will rob her of her life because of the fact that he said, "I have more for her to do.
I have a great plan for her.
" But as the conspiracy becomes the reality—I'll be careful.
I saw a tragic accident, a plan that was planned to make it look like—do you remember Princess Diana?
It was bigger because as she was looking at the emails.
Those eyes become so full of the black hole.
There was a plot and a plan to make it look like an accident like Princess Diana.
And that was very controversial even then, if I remember correctly.
I was just a young kid.
But that's what the Lord said.
"Don't forget Princess Diana.
" And I said, "Princess Diana, and what happened?
" It was a tragic thing that happened.
And he even showed me the vehicle that would be used.
He showed me the whole thing, but it was a lone wolf person.
It was somebody who was obsessed.
It wasn't a government.
It wasn't all the conspiracies of the digging that she's doing.
It was somebody that was just nuts that had planned and had plotted and pursued this young family.
And it was made to look like it was an accident because this person thought it all out.
And it was with a bigger vehicle and I saw part of it.
It wasn't a Charlie Kirk thing.
Most people said, "Did you see her get shot, Brandon?
" No, no, no.
I did not.
I saw something that was made to take her out that was made to look like an accident.
And the Lord said, "You must pray for her, for I have much for her to do.
I have much for her to do and it will be involving politics in the days ahead.
But if she keeps going down the rabbit hole, there's danger for her.
" And I said, "Okay.
" So that's why I brought it to you again.
I didn't want to talk about it.
I leave it alone, but I see what I see.
And I saw it almost looked like—I'm going to be real with y'all—it looked like a white mini, it looked like a big white cargo van.
There was something with a white—I saw a 1980s Chevrolet-looking cargo van looking like a Ford, you know, one of those big box vans.
Something to do with this.
And I thought, "What is this van?
" And as I was looking—that's why I don't always share everything with y'all.
But I thought I'd tell you and this is what I saw.
And a conspiracy that won't be so much a conspiracy, but it was a lone wolf person.
It had nothing to do with a government.
It had to do with somebody who just had a screw loose that watches her that was angry.
So hold on.
You want to tell them hi real quick?
I have to go check on mama.
See if she wants to pray with me.
We're just going to pray.
I don't want her to watch Billy Burke without me because tonight he had a service and I always look forward to it.
She's getting refreshed.
She goes, "I'm in here getting fat and sassy spiritually.
" So, I'm like, "Okay, I'll let her rest.
Let's pray.
" And I went over that.
Did I make any sense what I just said?
It's so hard to come on here.
It was so public, all that I've seen, and boy, I got a lot of hate over that.
But you know what's wonderful about Jesus is that he always gives us chance after chance to change.
And he warns us about things to come way before they happen because he gives us time to repent and turn.
But he's looking for more and he's saying, "Hey, I want to do something with that young woman's life.
" I want to do something so much more, but if you keep going down the rabbit hole, I saw a crazy person.
And I thought, "Is there a major thing about her life or whatever?
" And he said, "Pray for her, Brandon.
Pray for her, for there will be a tragic event on purpose, made to look like an accident.
Did I make that clear?
It would be a tragic event on purpose, made to look like an accident.
" And he said, "Remember Princess Diana.
" That's what the Lord said.
So y'all do with it what you want.
But I pray for her and her peace, and I pray for her to get radically born again.
Everybody says she's Catholic.
I told you what I'm believing for.
I want to be a baptized, Holy Ghost, water-walking, tongue-talking Christian.
That's what we are, you know, and most people who join me up in here are radical about this.
Did I say everything I was supposed to?
I flow with what I took notes on.
If you want to go over last night, you should.
Well, I didn't want to skip.
I talked about the river and the waves.
It will be a type of shadow like the children leaving Israel.
It will be like the children leaving Israel.
He said none of them were sick—none of them.
They all left with Egypt's wealth.
They left with the blessing.
They left, and none of their clothes or sandals wore out.
They left with the blessing and with healing.
And then he said, "Brandon, I did it for them, and I'll do it again.
" That's what the Lord said.
I thought that was pretty cool.
You can see the children of Israel, and they left with the blessing.
I love "The Ten Commandments," you know, with Charlton Heston.
I guess that's how I say his name.
And that's one of my favorite scenes, whenever they're getting the blessing and they blow the horns.
I play that all the time whenever there's a major breakthrough in our lives.
I always play that on my speakers as loud as I can in the car.
Braden and the kids always laugh, and I say, "Oh, hear ye, children of Israel.
" I go, "Hey, God's parting the sea for us today.
Believe Him for big things.
" He delivered the children of Israel; He'll deliver you.
And so I believe it with all my heart.
But like I said, if you haven't watched that video, go back and watch it instead of me just rehearsing everything.
Do you think I hit it pretty hard?
I did the great witnesses, too.
Oh, yes, Kathryn Kuhlman.
That was cool.
She was on the edge.
Thank you for reminding me of these things.
She was on the edge, and Kathryn Kuhlman was anticipating what was about to happen.
But listen, she believed me that there would be services where no one would be sick among them—none of them.
The whole auditorium would be healed.
She's anticipating because she didn't see the full manifestation of what she was praying for and believing for in her time.
But she knows what's about to happen, and the silos are being emptied.
She was watching with expectation what's about to happen on the earth.
She still had the bell sleeves, the white outfit.
You know how she was on the earth.
She was looking at the great cloud of witnesses, including your family that has gone on before us.
But Sister Kuhlman was younger.
Her skin looked like Botox—I kid you not.
Her face had no wrinkles.
I always watch the videos where her face looked old, but she was fresh.
She looked young and was anticipating with her cherry-looking hair.
It was beautiful.
As I watched her, Braden, she was looking over and this was cool.
It looked like a well that they would come up to.
It had cobblestone all on this well that was beautifully made.
The well was a portal like a TV screen.
Do you know how you can walk up to a lake and see a reflection, but if you put your finger in it, it makes ripples and you can't see it very clearly anymore?
That's what this looked like.
But it was clear like a TV screen.
There was a portal like a well, and they would walk up to this to see what they wanted to see that was going on in the earth.
I guess they just think about what they're wanting to see.
When she walked up to it, she wanted to see the revival that's about to take place.
Remember I told you about Lucy and all the prayer people who have gone on before us?
They were interceding and praying.
They don't get tired, and they were interceding for the revival.
Brother Halverson and them were praying for the revival in Minnesota and the sprouts that came up out of that.
The seeds were laid in a foundation of prayer.
The prayers of the righteous, the prayers of the saints—they're like seeds, and they're springing forth.
They go before the Father and they never die.
It was growing fresh in those pews of a living word in Minnesota.
Like I said, we've seen so many beautiful things on this channel, but I saw Kathryn Kuhlman looking and she was anticipating what's about to happen.
She was excited about a major revival.
She was looking into the portal getting ready, like at the beginning of a show.
You have your popcorn and your Coke and you know what's coming.
The silos have been emptied.
And she's like, "Let's watch the show.
" He said, "This is the grand finale.
This is what we've all been waiting for.
" And Kathryn Kuhlman was waiting on the other side watching, and I could see her through a portal.
I thought that was really cool.
I saw it in Africa and the...
what tribe was it?
You say this tribe right here—the Maasai.
I don't know if I'm saying it right; we've probably been butchering the name.
They were jumping, and their chests were pumping out.
As they were jumping, the glory was like olive oil dripping off of them.
The Lord said, "I'm going to visit Africa.
" As the wave of the glory and the healings came, I could see this tribe jumping and making a clicking noise.
I could hear clicking in the spirit—it was strange, but I could hear it.
I saw them jumping and saw the glory come on the people.
He said, "There's going to be a major move of My presence.
" I could see it, and it went all over South America, then South Korea.
A major rock came out of prayer and hit in the middle, causing a tidal wave that went all over Alaska and Hawaii and spread throughout all of Asia.
And He said, "Upon this rock, I will build My church, and the gates of hell will not prevail against it.
" I thought that was really cool as we were praying.
I know you probably watched the last video and wondered why I'm rehearsing all this stuff.
Because it was beautiful.
What's the hurry?
We're in such a hurry to go nowhere.
Isn't it beautiful what He shows us is coming?
I just get excited about it.
And I saw a blonde-headed girl in Australia.
And the Lord said, "A fragrance, a sweet-smelling fragrance of new worship will come from this girl.
" And I saw her with these goldilocks.
She had blonde hair.
It was curly looking.
She was writing music and she was a young girl.
And the Lord said, "Fresh new sounds from heaven are coming to Australia.
" A new wave of fragrance is coming to Australia of new worship.
And I saw a brand new fragrance of worship coming out of a major lily.
And it was beautiful colors.
It was fragrance before Him as sound waves were coming up out of this flower in Australia.
It was beautiful.
All glory to Jesus.
John G.
Lake where we saw Oregon.
Lake in Oregon.
I saw a fresh wave of His presence and He said it was known in Portland, Oregon, the area before, and I'm going to do it again.
He said there's going to be like a John G.
Lake healing.
There will be so much healing and so many manifestations of the glory.
I'm telling you, I don't think you all realize what's about to happen.
Heaven is going to invade earth with His church.
For it is the goodness of God with the greatest grace explosion.
Something you can't earn and something you don't deserve with what's about to happen with this earth for one last push, one last call: a major harvest to match all harvests we've ever had before, with signs and wonders and the glory more than what anybody has ever seen before.
Azusa Street on steroids.
Remember this.
It won't just be one place.
That's why I say I feel like fire shut up in my bones.
Thank you, Father, for what You're about to do on this earth.
Thank you, Father, for our president.
Thank you, Lord, for this week as we are here.
I'll pray with you all for a little bit.
It's been going for an hour, but Father, we thank You for the body we lift up before You.
If there's anything You want to show me tonight, Lord, I thank You that we're always here waiting.
I'm always just sitting at Your feet thanking You, Father, for all that You've showed me so far.
And Lord, if You never showed me anything else, I'm so grateful.
Lord, I realize that You could use anybody.
I realize, Father, that there are 6,000 people on the other side of this camera right now that are so hungry and so desperate.
You can use every single one of them.
But Father, You choose to use me today.
I thank You, Lord.
In the past, You've used me and we've flowed with You.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we do it again.
We keep going before You, Father, boldly.
And Father, when we miss it, we pick ourselves up and we keep going.
Lord, we thank You, Father, for Your body.
We thank You, Lord, for all that You've done for us.
Father, we don't have to have sickness and disease in us.
As He is, so are we in this world.
By Your stripes, Lord, we're healed.
And we give You glory, honor, and praise for it in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen.
Lord, we take the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus over us tonight.
We apply the blood over my mind, over me.
And I thank You, Lord, as I said earlier, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood.
We hear the Lord's voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
No evil comes nigh us.
Father, we thank You, Lord, in Jesus' mighty name.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood, Father, over our house, over our finances, over us, God.
And we believe You for big things in Jesus' name.
Amen.
He washed our sin away.
You've got to take the lid off, Brandon.
I got this new water.
Instead of a plastic bottle, it's a glass bottle.
And it's green.
Is it blending?
Oh, partially.
It's both green.
Well, it's glass and I'm trying to get away from those microplastics.
D's always talking to me about this plastic stuff; it's leaking into our stuff.
So, I try and get a glass bottle every once in a while.
I think it's neat to touch it.
I mean, it's for real.
Of course it is, right?
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your body, for Your blood.
I thank You, Father, for all that You've done.
And instantaneously, Lord, I'm looking at Thanksgiving Day.
I see Macy's.
What is this about Washington?
I see.
Father, we pray over Thanksgiving.
We pray over the traffic, over all the air travel.
We pray over our nation, Father, that every plan, every plot, every demonic attack that's planned rogue, Father, we call for an exposing in the name of Jesus and the air lanes.
That is so wild.
Did you hear that jet flying so low?
We are just praying over air traffic like that.
And over the football games, over the parade, we call a hedge of protection around and about.
No rogue events, no lone wolf attacks.
We call every attack—these attacks around the Christmas tree lightings and the get-togethers for the holiday festivities, all the beautiful celebrations.
I say in the name of Jesus Christ, the blood of Jesus Christ covers these families.
I'm seeing it again.
More danger around the Christmas trees.
I see more Christmas tree lightings trying to be disrupted with violence.
I keep seeing it even with Rockefeller.
Do you remember?
I keep seeing glimpses in towns of planned lone wolf attacks to disrupt the holiday.
Did you hear what He just said?
To disrupt this Christmas season on Black Friday, all the malls, all the people shopping.
This is highlighted big.
Okay, but it's not just around America.
It's in Europe.
There's a plan in Europe and the shopping malls in Europe.
Germany's before me.
France before Germany.
The Vatican during Christmas Mass—it's highlighted before me.
And I see a drone.
Do you hear me?
I see a drone.
A rogue drone.
Tell them.
He said, 'Tell them.
' This is like a drone that you get at Best Buy.
It's shaped like this.
Watch the drones in the days ahead.
Rogue drones.
An escalation of using drones for terrorist activity.
Watch the drones.
They've rigged them with explosives just enough to be dangerous.
Do you remember what I said about even on New Year's Eve?
The flash.
I see it again.
Yeah, it's about the drones around the Christmas trees.
This is to do with Europe.
I'm seeing Europe and it's highlighted before me.
I see Zelensky's face.
A desperation will set in.
A backed-in-a-corner within.
But watch Macron.
Remember I told you he'll go rogue.
Remember what the Lord said about him: he will become the Ishmael to the Antichrist.
He is the Ishmael.
There is a spirit behind him that will be like Hitler.
It's a way of thinking.
The Lord says it's a thinking.
They don't want to deflate this war; they want it to soar.
They don't want it to sizzle out; they want it to go up.
It's what funds the Euro.
There's money involved.
There's a turning of money.
I see the Euro.
And as you remember the Lord said, don't forget he cracked his whip.
Trump was the tamer and he cracked his whip against the bear.
He cracked his whip against the dragon and it tamed them for the season.
I see him cracking his whip.
He's cracking his whip.
He wants peace.
But they don't want peace.
They're two-faced.
I see Zelensky and he's looking over here saying, "Look, what do I do now?
" That's what he said.
"What do I do now?
Do you hear me?
What do I do now?
What do we do now?
" He's looking towards Macron.
He's turned his back and he's sweating and he doesn't know what to do.
So he's looking to Macron, and Macron has a plan.
This is—oh, I can't say that out loud.
Okay.
Germany, France, Italy, Poland, UK, the United Kingdom, a coalition with all of them.
There's more of them.
And even Mark in Canada.
Oh, I see George.
I see George.
Why do I always see him in Europe, influencing Europe?
I see him always in Europe.
Doesn't he live in New York?
But I see him in Europe and he's influential.
He's talking to Macron.
They have their own plan.
Remember, Trump stands alone.
It's like he tries to flex, crack his whip, but he's standing alone.
They want to do this, but this has to do with the money.
I see money.
And it has to do with trafficking.
It's a demonic spirit that's feeding this.
I see a demonic spirit feeding it.
It's like Baal, you know, the more this devil requires, it gives it strength through this demonic activity.
And that devil is requiring payment.
That's what I hear.
It's a demonic spirit that's requiring payment, and it's paid through sexual—it's demonic.
It's very disgusting.
Acts against the young, acts against the children.
And it's all perversion.
And this is over Europe.
Trafficking.
I'm not even going to say that out loud.
Watch Rome.
Underground tunnels.
I see lights like with torches, and they're underground catacombs.
They're tunnels and there's fire on the torches underneath Rome.
I won't even say where they're going.
Oh Father, exposing all of this darkness.
Now this has to do with the drones and I see New York.
Look at this.
Last time when we went there, we went from New York and we saw an escalation.
It tries to keep you in this, tries to entrap you.
Remember I told you when I saw New York and Times Square and it went from there and I said there was an arrow that went into Ukraine?
It went into Ukraine and I saw Zelensky and he was desperate.
He wants the red-tip missiles to shoot them for an escalation of greater war.
I saw Romania and these other areas trying, and that's an escalation of this.
It was the biggest strike on Poland.
What did Macron say to the EU?
The agreements.
There is trouble in Venezuela, there's trouble in Mexico, and then we have this drama going on up there.
Remember he said, "don't forget black swan events.
" We call every one of them deflated, that they will not produce harm on any of our people of any nation.
We thank you, Lord.
A deflating in Jesus' name of every plot, every plan over our nation, over us.
You need to be alert.
I've seen danger.
You need to be alert to your surroundings when you go into malls.
If you go shopping, if you go to parades, if you go to tree-lighting ceremonies and they're celebrating Christmas, you need to be alert and you need to watch your surroundings.
Do not just be flippant.
This is not a time—I'm not trying to tell you to fear.
I'm trying to tell you that you need to be wise and watch your children.
Keep them close to you.
Don't let them run off.
Watch your kids, watch your family, and be really alert.
This is a time to be alert when you're going into malls.
Don't let your guard down.
Watch for people alone.
Watch them during this Christmas season.
This is in Europe and in America, what I'm seeing, and drones.
If you see drones flying next to you, run.
Get away from them.
Walk quickly away from drones.
If it looks like it's just flying around and being weird, be very watchful.
I know that they use them for TV and things like that, but this is very serious.
Watch drones.
Braden, has this been said before as he tries to back out?
They'll try to make him come in.
They'll try to escalate this within a black swan event.
I remember the Lord saying this before.
I'm hearing it again.
As Trump tries to back out, they'll try to pull him in again.
They want war.
War is what they want in store.
They're on their war machine.
We pray a deflating of this.
Zelensky is not a good man.
He is a dark person.
And there's bad money with this man.
Dirty money.
And that's our tax dollars.
The Lord said, "That's your tax dollars.
" And there's a funneling of the money.
Father, we plead the blood over our nation, over New York City, over Miami, over Los Angeles, over Nevada, Reno, Las Vegas.
We pray over Atlanta, and Atlanta's airport through this Thanksgiving season.
Father, we pray over Atlanta; every hidden thing be revealed.
Every plot, every plan in Charlotte, North Carolina.
I'm seeing it highlighted.
Pray over Furtick.
The churches, the mega-churches, they're highlighted before me today.
The mega-churches are a great distraction.
I see a shaking to awaken.
There's a shaking coming in Africa.
There's a shaking coming in the churches.
There's corruption in a mega-church in Africa.
Great corruption.
I see it.
And it's high.
The Lord said there's great corruption.
And there will be a cleaning of the house in a mega-church in Africa.
This is a mega-church.
Great darkness there, though it presents itself as light and a lot of glory.
But just below the surface, there's great corruption there.
Lord, the things you show me—you said you're going to clean your church, for judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
I'm very watchful over what I say.
Don't lump everything I say together.
When I'm talking about praying over Furtick's church and all that, those are separate.
But when I'm talking about Africa, I have to address that immediately.
These are two separate visions.
The Lord said, "Pray for safety and then an exposing of darkness.
" I have to make that clear because people will ask, "Are you talking about Steven Furtick?
" No, that's not what I said.
There are two separate visions.
This church over here, pray for their safety.
This church over here, there's a cleaning of the house.
Two different things.
Pray for his safety.
So, did I make that clear enough?
Because I'm in the spirit and I'm seeing over, and the Lord corrected me.
He said, "You need to make that clear, Brandon.
" I said, "Okay, you're the only one in here.
" Glory to God.
He keeps saying, "Watch Macron.
" I just heard it again; it echoed.
He said, "Watch Macron.
Watch Macron.
" He's giving an instruction.
The people that are meeting with Lucifer, Satan...
there are these three.
There's one over America, a very big businessman.
He meets with the devil.
There's one in Asia who meets with the devil, and there's one in Europe.
They have two principalities assigned to each one of them that are very influential demonic spirits that help them with their finances, telling them what to do.
The man that is over in Europe is talking to Macron and instructing him, and they're getting it straight from Satan's throne, the principality of the earth there, and it's trying to manipulate the end-time stuff.
The one in Asia...
Why are you grumpy?
I love you.
Because Braden knows who they are.
But there's one in the Middle East, there's one in South America, and they're very influential businessmen.
You always follow the money because that's Satan's wheelhouse: big money.
You have the founder and you have the creator.
He is the creator of this and that, and so you have these people that I've told you are getting...
I believe they're part Nephilim.
They're demonically energized.
They're not totally human the way they think; it's not normal.
This is on another level.
But because Satan's wheelhouse is money, you always see his people, the ones that are listening the most, have big bucks.
They're worth billions, but they're the ones that influence politics.
Macron, the president, prime minister, whatever, of Germany, Italy, England—I told you with the King—and then it goes down to Mexico and the trafficking, and all that.
It's all connected, like an inner working of a networking, but it's all demonic.
This is Satan's wheelhouse: how he tries to dominate areas and bring in his poison.
That's why I said that devil requires sex trafficking.
What I just saw was a demonic spirit, and it had horns and what looked like a pig face.
It was over Europe and they were having instruction from that demonic spirit: "If you want to remain in power, if you want me to help you, you've got to feed that demonic spirit.
" It's a pig and it requires payment.
But those people have yielded to it.
As you yield to principalities and personalities, it gives them power through demonic strongholds.
They're witchcraft; it's a cult.
That's what the Lord was showing me: blood sacrifice and demonic stuff.
Like I've told you, they were summoning in Berlin, Germany, the old Hitler spirit with that knife thing.
They were doing satanic practices, and I saw these elites doing this stuff.
I'm telling you, it goes clear back to the Illuminati and the darkness that's in this stuff.
The Lord shows me, and that's why I'm trying to tell you, they want escalation of war because this is what brings forth the Mahdi.
I usually don't allow this kind of stuff to go live like this, but the Lord's letting me see it right now.
It's very heavy stuff, but I think he wants you all to realize that there's darkness beyond what the Monday-through-Friday Christian realizes.
It's great darkness, and there's stuff that I get on these trails and things I'm praying over.
The Lord reveals a lot to me and he'll show me, "This is what's going on, the inner working of Satan's kingdom," and most people in the body of Christ have their head in the sand.
They're going to their soccer match, to the movies, watching Netflix, going to church on Sunday for their little 30-minute sermon, and getting their ice cream afterwards.
But you don't realize what's going on in the spirit realm.
They are active.
They do not want us to be successful with this great harvest of souls, and they are trying so hard to kill, steal, and destroy.
They're planning and plotting how to do the things they want to do, and they use billions of dollars there.
Show me that picture.
What is going on there?
The jets—him buying 100 jets.
That's Macron and Zelensky.
So he bought 100 jets, something like that.
I told you Zelensky and Macron were doing buddy deals for military equipment right there.
I'm telling you he's looking to Macron.
Zelensky's looking and he's turning his back.
He's going to get desperate.
Zelensky is going to get desperate and he's going to turn more to Macron.
They want war.
They're two-faced.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Father.
But the bottom line, Lord, how we end this tonight is praying over our people for protection over our holiday Christmas shopping, for the trees and the festivities, and all of our families.
When we're going out, we're not going to walk in fear.
For perfect love casteth out all fear, but we're wise and we know that the enemy has a plan, but you have a greater plan.
For there are more with us than there are with them.
We're not going to be afraid.
We're going to have fun and we're going to enjoy life.
We thank you, Father.
We're so thankful, Father, that you show us every plot, every plan, every pursuit of the demonic.
Father, there will be no lone wolf shootings, no more drone attacks or anything.
Father, we're always in the right place at the right time.
Our FBI, Homeland Security, local law enforcement, and Sheriff's departments are always more attentive and they're watching to make sure that we're safe.
We pray a hedge of protection around them.
Father, may the FBI expose the darkness within and that we will not have this, in Jesus' name.
And that's including Europe, Israel, all the areas.
Father, there's supernatural protection within you all.
I just need to camp here for a second.
I'm seeing more and I don't want to just have to keep talking just because I don't like silence.
It's awkward for you all, but I don't chatter when I'm looking over.
When I'm at home and private, I'm silent.
I just look and be quiet and I'm praying within.
But when I'm carrying a flow of 7,000 people, it's a lot different for me.
I'm learning, but I'm seeing Israel highlighted before me.
I see Turkey and I'm curious what this is.
They're regrouping.
That's what the Lord just said.
They're working on their supplies: Syria, Turkey, Iran, Hamas.
You trust so easily in wanting to prove peace.
You trust too easily.
I hear him talking about Trump wanting to prove peace, wanting to stake your claim on your presence, wanting your name to be known.
He's talking about the prince.
He's talking about you.
It's like you try to come in like a bulldozer and you're going to do this, but you try to use your power and your authority because of the United States of America, but you trust too easily.
All they know to do is lie.
He's talking about the Muslim lying.
What is highlighted is lying.
They're lying.
They are okay to lie.
I hear that they're okay to lie.
The Lord said, especially to you because you're not part of them, he's talking about the Muslim Brotherhood.
You are not a part of them, so it's okay to lie to you.
It's like a code.
You hear me?
The Muslim Brotherhood is like the—but you trust too easily.
The Lord said to pray for his discernment today.
Pray for him to have discernment.
You trust too easily.
It's about ruling and reigning.
It's a chess match in their eyes.
They'll keep going from glory to glory, Lord.
We'll keep going from glory to glory.
We'll keep going, Lord.
With all that I keep saying, Father, I see Syria highlighted before me.
That man is dark.
That man is a bad man.
He has private meetings; he has hidden meetings.
We got to pray for JD Vance to win in 2028.
We got to make sure there's no new Watergate.
The enemy would try to derail the next term.
And I see JD Vance at the helm as a major face.
Do you understand?
And the enemy would try to tempt him with a new Watergate.
And I see it again.
This has to do with Syria.
And I see Syria waiting and plotting and planning behind with the brother because he's two-faced—the man that's over Syria.
So they're all kind of watching to see what Trump does.
I'm watching him.
I'm watching Europe.
I'm watching the Middle East.
And he's the 800-pound gorilla in the room.
Trump has to finish his term, making sure he's drinking okay, with his veins, with all this.
They would want him to go away.
Do you understand?
JD Vance is the next in line.
I see him highlighted before me.
But the enemy would try to take him down with the temptation of a new Watergate.
But we must pray for him to finish his course, that we do not have the next one that they have in line—the one that's being groomed.
I told you, the Democratic groomer that would talk with a sharp tongue like Obama.
This is the plan coming.
They're trying to groom somebody else.
They don't have a good leader, but they want a new one.
And this new one is being demonically energized.
And I see this one.
I see him.
But they want to take this one down with a new Watergate scandal.
You see who's coming back in the picture?
He came to the White House a couple days ago: the tech billionaire.
We got to pray for him to finish for the next term.
God's looking into the next three and a half years.
You know what's going on.
So, I'm talking to y'all.
We don't pray for it to happen, right?
When you're praying behind, you got to go ahead.
He's already talking about 2028.
What's going to happen in this year for 2026 and the midterm?
We don't wait until July to pray about it.
You don't wait until 2027 or 2028 to go, 'Well, it's almost midterm.
' For the presidency, we got to get ahead of this.
And the Lord said 'Watergate.
' He's talking about it again tonight.
This is influence.
We need strong leaders in our country even after Trump is done.
We occupy until he comes.
This is serious.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Father.
We pray over JD Vance and we thank you, Lord, that he doesn't make any stupid decisions, that he will not make any dumb decisions as a vice-president or even as an upcoming president.
He will not make dumb decisions.
And President Trump will finish strong with better discernment—better to discern strong and finish strong in his health, over his veins, over his heart, over his body, that he would finish strong and that his children would be protected: Eric, Don Jr.
, Tiffany, Ivanka, and Barron.
We thank you, Lord, for a major protection over them and over the marriage.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you guide them and they're always in the right place at the right time.
The Secret Service is protecting them and doing their job with the greatest capacity they could ever do it.
And I thank you, Father, for Supreme Court judges, that they'll rule in our favor concerning what you want done.
That Amy Coney's heart softens even with the things that she knows that she's angry about.
You showed me that we pray over her heart, that she's not angry, that she does this, Father, that we finish our job and finish strong.
Father, you're coming soon.
We pray over our Supreme Court judges.
We pray over the judges over this station, that there's a hedge of protection around them and they're not demonically influenced by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, they would finish their job in Jesus' name and there would not be any blockages, that there would be a great harvest of souls in Jesus' name.
Father, we thank you, Lord, over every pastor, over all the megapastors.
Father, there'll be a stirring in their hearts to do what's right and preach that Jesus Christ is coming.
And we thank you, Father, for the finances, that they turn around and there's a supernatural wealth transfer over our nation in Jesus' name.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
I hope the way I've delivered this tonight has not been too confusing.
I try to filter it as much as I can before I deliver it.
And there's a lot of this I just don't feel comfortable saying until I pray over it.
I learned a lot from this last Candace thing and just delivering this in a way that I can until I feel comfortable delivering it because of the intensity of what I'm seeing.
And this is amazing because it's involving every nation almost other than Asia.
I'm not seeing Asia tonight.
It's all involving Ukraine and Putin and Israel, America, the enemy within, Red Dawn experiences, and all the things that the Lord is showing me to protect.
Praying that you all pray over your areas.
Use your authority.
The angelic hosts are watching over us so that we would uncover every plot, every plan with drones and lone-wolf attacks, that we will always be attentive to our surroundings in Jesus' name.
And we'll pray again tomorrow.
We got to pray every day, I believe, for this Thanksgiving and for Black Friday.
So, it's a busy week.
So, I appreciate every one of you showing up and praying with us.
And this is including Australia.
Every single nation needs to be attentive.
Y'all got to pray about going your Christmas shopping and watching your kids.
Don't let your kids just wander.
Protect your children.
What I saw just a minute ago was somebody running their car—a big looking semi—into crowds in Las Vegas.
Again, watch your surroundings, using cars as weapons in the malls, Mall of America, in our airports.
So just watch and pray over it.
If you are living in that area, drive around that mall and plead the blood.
Pray over your malls.
Pray over your churches.
If you go to Steven Furtick's church, pray over the church.
Plead the blood of Jesus over your churches, over Joel Osteen's church.
Pray.
Drive around their churches.
Just cover it.
Father, we plead the blood over where we worship.
No weapon formed against this church will prosper, over our pastor, over our associate pastors, all over all of them.
God's hand is on our churches.
We don't want any calamity, anything coming around them.
Does that make sense?
I hope I made that really clear.
The enemy tries to have a plan, but God has a greater plan.
And their enemies are defeated by the blood of the Lamb.
So we see all these things, but we don't fear them.
We know that He has a plan, or He wouldn't show it to us to pray for protection over our people.
So that's how we'll close this today.
I'm getting tired, and when I get tired, I need to stop.
So glory to God for every single one of you, all 7,000 of you.
Did I make that clear enough?
Son, you're here.
I don't have Mom here to help me.
So we know that there are a lot of plots and plans here.
And I see a lot with Macron, y'all.
And I'm telling you, the financing of that is Black Swan events.
I'm telling y'all, this is a time to be very attentive.
The Olympics, the times ahead, tunnels underneath Rome.
I didn't see Elon Musk as part of the trafficking.
No, that's not what I'm saying.
Elon Musk is a funder of the Antichrist system, the beast system with the chip and the satellites.
I don't see Elon Musk as—he is the brains; he's brilliant.
He doesn't think on this level.
It's like you have the funder who is able to create it, and then you have the people who implement it.
But somebody had to have the brains to make it.
As far as what I saw, it was Watergate, a tech-savvy man.
And I have to use wisdom on some of the things I say, but I'm just telling you all to pray over these things.
Good God Almighty.
They're asking because of hybrid thinking, like the people in Europe.
No, Europe was a man with not as deep pockets.
That's why they're saying that.
The rich people—one of the rich people I saw, where the money was, was a man in Asia.
A really rich man in Asia.
He's over a lot of stocks, and he looks kind of like an elf.
He talks to the devil, and there are two demons like dragons behind him.
Then you have Bill—I'm not going to say his last name, so you figure it out—this is influenced by devils.
His name is Bill.
Then you have a name, George—I don't say his last name—but his son is worse than him.
I don't know why I always see him in Europe; it's interesting.
But they have meetings with the devil.
I see them.
And so they have a lot of power and a lot of influence.
It's not just normal money; they have billions.
But then there's Elon, and Elon is the brains behind this stuff.
Does that make sense?
He's brilliant.
He's the richest man in the world, but is he as innocent as he portrays himself?
I don't know.
All I saw was he is the creator.
His mind is thinking differently; he doesn't think normally.
He's a brilliant man.
But do I think he has meetings with the devil?
No, I haven't seen him having a meeting with the devil.
So I have to make that clear.
I've never seen, in any vision or anything, Elon Musk having any kind of participation with the devil, having a meeting with him or anything.
I think he is the brains behind the beast system, but I have not seen him having a meeting with the devil, and I've not seen him have anything to do with trafficking.
I have to make that clear because that's not fair to say.
If you say, 'Is Elon trafficking kids?
' I did not see that.
I have never seen that about him.
I think he's just very simple.
Whenever I pray about him, his mind is influenced by the critters to produce what he produces.
He thinks on a different level, but he makes money.
He's brilliant.
But I've never seen him do anything dark like that.
Every single time, it's around George that I see him doing witchcraft, and Bill...
there's darkness influencing.
If they're not doing it directly, they're attached to somebody who is.
Does that make sense?
They may not be doing rituals to the devil, but they're just attached to people who are.
But that one is George, and the one in Asia—I know that for a fact, as I've seen them doing it.
They want to play with fire, they'll be burned.
But the season of George is about to come to an end.
The Lord said his days are numbered, but He said, 'Brandon, what's coming behind him is worse than him.
' Did I answer the questions right?
Yes.
So I try to make it as clear as I can.
Macron is an Ishmael to the Antichrist.
He'll come out, and everyone will believe in the days ahead that he is the Antichrist.
They'll all be like, 'This for sure is him.
' Watch him.
He'll come out as a tyrant in the days ahead; he'll come out even stronger.
The Lord said it.
He'll be even stronger about this, and so we'll watch.
Some people say, 'Well, I don't know.
' Well, we'll see.
Keep watching.
He'll come out dark.
Is that it?
I don't mind answering questions if they're not being obnoxious.
Sometimes the questions are kind of obnoxious, but I don't mind answering if it's a truthful question and not trying to be rude.
I'm not afraid of it.
If I can't answer it, I can't.
Asian man?
You want to know who the Asian man is?
He is over tech; he's over the finances.
I don't know his name.
I believe this is what you're referring to.
That's him.
He looks like an elf.
I'm bold; I don't care.
That's what I saw.
He has two demons behind him, two massive dragons, and he has meetings with the devil.
Do you see his eyes?
Do you all have discernment?
You can see it.
That man talks to critters.
That's what I saw, in my opinion.
It's what I believe.
Just like I think MBS is the Antichrist; it's what I believe.
Because of my First Amendment rights, I can say what I believe.
He's a top 10 richest Chinese billionaire.
But there were pillars of certain people through every continent—they even showed it through Africa and South America—and the Lord showed me each and every single individual one.
They were all linked to try to influence with their money concerning...
excuse me, this stuff is carbonated.
I don't know if y'all can hear that, but every time I bubble up out of my chest, I burp loud.
It's really embarrassing.
But that's what I saw.
And then now, see, I told you he'll run to Macron, and there he is.
Is that today?
No.
When was that?
A couple of days ago.
Well, it's happening.
'Yes, please help me.
Trump's turning his back on me.
' And then here comes Macron.
They want war, war, war.
And he's cracking his whip.
And that's when I saw all Europe and what happens.
Okay, you won't help us; we'll do our own thing.
This is my question because I'm ignorant of it: can they sustain the war without America?
Does Zelensky truly need us?
Can he do it with just NATO?
Can they do the war, or do they need us?
Can England, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, and all of NATO fund and sustain a war without America in it?
I don't know.
You all probably answer a lot better than me.
But if America is not behind it, can they do it without us?
Because Zelensky, and remember I told you then I saw—okay, I'll just be real bold about something real quick.
You want me to be real bold?
Stupid me, probably.
But I saw a plan of them taking him out and putting in a proxy government, and it was an elderly man.
I saw them assassinating him, and I won't tell you who is behind it.
You can put your own math together, but he disappears.
I've had visions of him disappearing, and they put an older man over it that is pro-Russia, pro-Ukraine, and they try to bring in peace that way.
Will that happen?
I don't know because, like I said, I always want to tell you all this: when I see something, it changes.
I can see it, and prayer changes the visions a lot of times.
They alter the more you pray.
I can see into it.
And when you're praying in tongues over there, I can see a course change.
But it's all a vision before me, and it's pictures, but I can see things shifting.
I can see it moving.
The more you pray into it—that's why I talk about finances.
That's one of the things that I talk about.
The Lord will show me things.
But when he speaks it, it's set in stone.
It's done.
When he says to me, 'I got this,' or he'll say—when I'm not seeing it in a vision, it's like I told Diana: 'If I don't see it in a vision and I hear it, it's over concerning judgments or things like that.
' If he says it, it's over.
It's not a vision.
If I hear it and it's clear and a mantle comes on and it's prophetic or whatever I'm hearing, he'll say it and it's done.
There's no change in it.
I would say it's almost like it's stone.
But when I'm seeing in the spirit and I'm praying like that, it's altered.
You can move it.
The wars, the rumors, the drones—he's shown it to you.
This is a plan, a plot.
You're praying against it.
You can shift it and move it.
Then you say, 'Well, how come it didn't happen?
You saw it.
' Because it's a vision.
It's changed.
You're praying it away.
You're praying and moving things.
But when he says it, it's done.
And whenever he said Watergate, he said it.
It was not a vision.
A vision came after he said it: 'Watergate.
Pray against it and I'll show it to you then.
' Monica Lewinsky, Marilyn Monroe.
He spoke it.
A scandal.
So then he shows me who the scandal is with.
He shows me a plan and a plot from the devil for lust, for adultery, for these things, for a snare of sexual misconduct with a woman.
And he shows me the plan.
So you know, whatever.
And so I just go, 'This is what I see.
' And then I saw about the same thing about praying over Trump and praying over these things.
You know, it's the job of the watchman.
Prayer, prayer, prayer.
And that's why my foundation is called 'Prayer Changes Things' because I truly believe with all my heart that prayer changes things.
And I've seen it.
Every little path he shows me—that's why I don't see a vision as a prophecy; I see a vision as a means to change prayer.
And I say, 'This is what I see, this is what he's showing for 2026.
' So that's why you all say, 'Is Brandon a prophet?
' I don't consider myself a prophet because when a prophet says it, it usually comes to pass, like Kim Clement.
He sees things.
But what I'm bringing to you all the time is altered in prayer a lot.
And people go, 'What about this?
What about that?
' It's happening, you see it, it's in the news, but a lot of it is stuff we don't want to see.
I feel like a lot of my job is prayer; if it happens, you didn't do your job.
But there's so much to do and so much time to pray, I could spend my whole life in prayer.
But the Lord said, 'I want you to enjoy things, Brandon.
I bring it to you to bring it to the people.
' The same things about Candace Owens.
This is what's coming.
People go, 'Well, is it Israel?
' No.
That's why the Lord said a conspiracy will not become so much a conspiracy.
What is it about the conspiracy when you're looking into the rabbit hole?
So much drama, so much is going on.
How much of it is real versus how much of it is clickbait because it's what funds money.
Clicks are money with certain people.
Clicks produce business, and business produces a Mercedes-Benz.
But how much of it is real versus hype?
Because you can hype things up just because you want to stay relevant and you don't want to lose your clout.
You don't want to lose your platform because after a while you become yesterday's news.
But some people learn how to stay in the limelight.
But the Lord has more to do with this woman.
But what will be a conspiracy will end up not being a conspiracy.
Threats against her life.
The Lord said this will end up turning into—it will cost her.
Pray for her.
And that's when I saw the van.
I saw something happen.
It was a major tragic accident.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for this.
' So that's what I'm trying to tell you all.
I believe we can alter it because God was giving her a chance, saying, 'Hey, I want to use you.
I want to do more with you.
' But everybody's going to say, 'You are instantaneously, Brandon, aligning against Israel because of what she says.
' I'm like, 'You all don't know me.
You truly don't.
I'm just trying to do my job.
It's not easy.
I just go, this is it.
' But I'm trying to tell you what's going on in Ukraine.
So if they end up having a peace agreement, which I don't believe they will from what I keep seeing even tonight and the drones and black swan events with the orange beak—the Lord keeps showing this over and over again.
And that man is not a good man—Zelensky and the other one.
But it's like, okay, if it was your sons and your daughters fighting in this battle, it would be a totally different story, but they don't care.
So, there you go.
I try to be as real as I can with y'all.
I really do.
I hope you appreciate it.
They want to know about the line when you saw MBS and the Muslim Brotherhood.
He said they'll lie, whatever.
Yeah.
It's culture.
The Lord said it's culture—that because you are not Muslim, we can lie to you.
That's what I was hearing.
So I saw them able to—and I might be totally off, but that's what I saw.
And you say, 'Well, Brandon, that doesn't align with Muslim culture.
' I don't know.
That's what I heard.
So you can say, 'Well, that's off.
' Well, if it is, then I apologize.
But that's what I heard, that they can lie to you.
They are lying to Trump because they have their agenda, and it's to get what they want, which is their Mahdi.
So, we will make these agreements with you financially, we'll do all this, but there's a hidden meaning, and we want Israel gone.
And this was the same thing—and it wasn't necessarily MBS that would do this.
It was the Syrian president.
I saw the Syrian president, the prime minister, whoever he is over Syria with the beard, was lying to Trump about something.
There was a secret meeting that he was having with Iran and these other people with Hamas.
'How do we do this?
' They were wanting to—and the Lord said they're regrouping.
Yeah, he said they're regrouping.
And that's why I wanted him to look up the word 'regroup' because I don't know—I'm telling you, in my mind, I don't know what 'regroup' is.
That's why I asked Diana all these questions.
What is 'regroup'?
They said, 'We're regrouping,' and I saw them gathering missiles.
They're gathering their intel.
That man's bad.
That man's a bad man.
He is a bad man, y'all.
They were regrouping, getting ready for another surprise attack.
And it's going to happen at night against Israel.
They're waiting to strike again, and this time it will be worse than any October 7th you can imagine.
They're waiting.
They want retaliation for Iran and what's happened to Gaza.
Reassemble, or cause to reassemble into organized groups.
Typically after being attacked or defeated, they regroup.
They're regrouping; that's exactly the word the Holy Spirit used.
They're regrouping right now, and it's a brotherhood.
You're an infidel.
Is that all they want?
They're asking about England.
Did they go to war?
They're asking about that.
They're asking about Taylor Greene.
And then they're asking about Germany.
What did he show you about Germany?
Germany was involved with what I saw in the vision right then.
Germany was involved with Emmanuel Macron, and they want to—it's about the money.
It's the flow of the money.
And there was a funneling of dirty money.
And it was all okay.
And this is what I saw.
Germany was making the sacrifices with these virgin girls.
Somebody was in Berlin at an altar with a black onyx knife, and they were trying to reconjure up through demonic things to bring forth the Hitler spirit over this war with demonic practice to bring forth the Hitler spirit because they wanted that type of war, World War II.
So, what I saw, I saw demonic practice going on, and it looked like the lights were off.
It looked like a stone altar.
I saw this, and blood was being shed.
So, it was sex trafficking and all this stuff going through Europe.
But then whenever this happened, they were all co-aligned with trying to bring forth the new digital era with money and all the stuff that's happening.
The euro is in trouble.
Things are in trouble.
Financials are in trouble.
So, Germany was involved.
I'm curious of what the opening ceremony will look like for the Olympics on February 3rd.
What are they going to do?
You know, if you look at—show them the picture of the ball.
I'll take a little bit more time.
Do you want to take a little bit more time?
I'll show you something I've been studying.
I usually don't.
This is something else to pray about.
I wasn't going to do it, but you know, whatever.
Y'all hanging out with me.
Look at this.
The Lord drew my attention to this.
I think different, y'all.
But there's this.
And this is serious, y'all.
Do they see it?
Okay.
I probably shouldn't bring this in here today.
Do you see that chart behind there?
That's a 1930s chart.
The Lord told me to look up the 1930 chart when the Great Depression happened.
And that's the chart, the actual chart behind it.
Now Xi Jinping and Putin and mind control.
You see the mind and the control right there.
Can you move it down?
You see the control of the mind and the 250 years and all the symbolism and the new drugs and then trade wars against America with that and there's so much symbolism here of what I believe.
Every time they're communicating—with the judges breaking in America, with the dollar cracking, the World Cup.
I've told you to watch the World Cup over and over and over again.
See them kicking the ball?
That's a soccer ball in the World Cups next year.
See the wine glasses?
What have I told you about the wine glasses with the gold trim?
Very interesting.
It's next to Trump.
Yeah, it's dumped by his feet.
There's a wine glass upside down, dumping.
I think that's interesting because the Lord specifically told me, 'Watch the wine, the glass.
' But Trump doesn't drink.
But it was a golden glass.
And I thought, 'Well, that's so weird.
' Modi's standing behind him.
And who's the blonde girl?
I thought that was interesting.
I thought that's Erica.
Is that Erica or is it the girl that's resigning in January?
Taylor Greene.
I thought it was either Erica or Taylor Greene.
She's dressed in red.
And there's only one black and red pill next to President Trump out of all those pills.
And they're saying they're releasing the diet pills, and it'll be a year of diet pills to get people's weight off.
And I warned you about the diet pill and the Ozempic and all the things concerning the shot, and I say about the new virus coming.
See, there's Zelensky over there by himself.
And there's a Russian spy submarine coming up there looking around.
I just think it's interesting, ice melting, as a fight against ice.
I don't know of any big major boxing matches, but why are the red balloons?
And you see the red balloons.
You see the voting for this year, for the midterms with the X on there and everything.
So it's just me.
This is stuff...
this is what I do for fun because I know these people are evil and I know they think on a different level of what they're doing, and it's all about the darkness to them.
The Illuminati and the darkness.
And I just go, 'Okay, well I know God has a plan and he's got one bigger than what they got.
' So, I just go...
that's why I pray all the time and the Lord shows me what he shows me.
But I'm always curious.
What are these evildoers doing?
What are they up to today?
Braden gets into it with me.
Diana's not into it, but I just go...
you know, I've done this for years.
I study things.
My mind thinks different.
I just go, you know, Oh, man.
Oh, glory to Jesus.
Well, we love you all.
I'm tired.
I'm going to go.
We'll pray again tomorrow.
You can pray with me and we'll just keep praying over this Thanksgiving break for the people.
That man right there, that man from Assyria, is a bad man.
You can see it in his face.
They are regrouping.
Turkey, and then watch what happens in the days ahead.
Watch this.
God is so good and we are going to have the greatest revival though.
I'll close it with that.
And so we love you.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye bye.